everything round dream to get this money
yes how we gotta live y'all I said Drive
rules everything around me we dream to
get this money that's how we gotta live
y'all coming down the sidewalk house let
in the words from my soul bleed this
Martin Luther King had a drink and
biggie had a dream Tupac had a dream I
went to sleep the see the king
listen to me this coupling in your
position
follow your heart relying only on your
intuition trying to spend on some
clothes or my pins with a spin Tanja
wishing that focusing on his hoe trying
to handle my business my pimping senses
been itching these chickens trying to
find some scratch chat Butler told me
don't trust it on love on homie
disgusting never coming down like I
always say to the fans know that dad got
a dream to ride in the for whips it and
clean I'm doing pretty good for the son
of couple friends if life's all about
balance I walked on the cup of beans run
a wind up into the shower just blow a
non-save blow it down the side without
letting the words from my soul bleed
this Martin Luther King had a dream the
biggie had a dream Tupac had a dream I
went to sleep and spinner-change just
then I follow my foot y'all my life goal
aches and stuff o to bar the guy ain't
no past me gotta see more girls gonna
track me
that's real nigga one song for the two
mil deal how so I'm bragging let her
know that I'm down for the talkin bout
left I was like Hadji stay with this
quest for this happiness that I've been
seeking through money but I won't
respect them abhi react one day react
one day tree I just know you'll meet
that girl a girl black nigga but I never
left I was like Hadji stay witness quest
for this happiness that I've been
seeking do money flower will respect
them abhi realized one day react one day
tree
no you only get jump back down